Remove `TXCREATE` and `InitcodeTransaction` (#76)
ipsilon/eof: spec/eof_freezer.md

> # Designs cut from EOFv1
> 
> **This document gathers the designs which were cut from the [Mega EOF spec](./eof.md) during preparations for Prague fork.**

Reviewer: Maybe to not sound like it's completely cut
```suggestion
# Designs for future upgrade of EOFv1

**This document gathers the designs which were excluded from the [Mega EOF spec](./eof.md), i.e. will not be a part of the first EOF release. They are planned to be introduced in a future upgrade.**
```
